1.
Login interface.
The first interface user encounters when start the application if not logged in.
Allows user to login with username and password.
New user can select “Register” button to create a new account.

2. 
The register interface.
User enters unique username and identical passwords to register.
Select “Login” button to return to the login page.

3.
Owner’s main interface.
Can select to view the available books list, accepted book list, requested book list and borrowed book list.

4.
Available book list.
Lists all the books that the user owns and currently is available.

5. 
Edit book information.
Allows owner to edit the book selected.
User can change the book title, author name, book status, description and picture.

6. 
Add book interface.
Allows owner to add a book to the system.
User can set the book title, author name, book status, description and picture.

7.
Delete book warning.
Once the owner select “Delete” button when inside the edit book information interface.
A window pops up to confirm the deletion.

8.
Requested book list.
Displays the books that the owner owns and have been requested by other user.
User can select “View Request” button to view the detail.

9.
Book Detail.
Display the detail information of a selected book in the available book list.
Shows the book title, author name, status, description and picture.
Allows owner to edit.

10
Book Detail.
Display the detail information of a selected book.
Shows the book title, author name, status, description and picture.
Disallows owner to edit.

11.
Request detail.
Display a list of borrowers that have requested this book.
Allows owner to accept or decline a borrower’s request.

12.
Opens camera scan the barcode to confirm borrowing and returning.

13.
Accepted book List.
Display the accepted request list to the owner.
Allows owner to scan the barcode or select “swap” button to confirm the borrowing in the meet up.

14.
Display and set the location for the meet up.
Can enter a location and search on the map.
Can write comments for the meet up.
By selecting “DONE” button to save the location.



15.
Accept Book.
The interface that owner set the location for the meet up and accept the request by selecting the “Accept” button.

16.
Confirm the lending action with the owner.
Display a pop up warning after scanning or select the “Swap” button to confirm.
User can select “Yes” to confirm or “No” to retrieve the previous action.

17.
Display a list of books that have been borrowed by others.
User can select a book to view the book detail.


18. 
Request a book.
Allows borrowers to view the description and make a request of this book to its owner by selecting “Request” button.

19. 
Borrower’s main interface.
Can select to view the available books list, accepted book list, requested book list and borrowed book list.

20.
Borrower’s requested book list.
Display a list of books that have been requested by the user.
Allows user to select a book to view the book detail.

21.
Borrower’s accepted book list.
Display a list of books that the user has requested and the owner of that book has accepted the request.
Allows user to view the book detail and meet up location.
Allows user to scan the barcode or select “swap” button to confirm the borrowing during the meet up.
Allows user to search a book in this list.


22.
Confirm the borrowing action with the borrower.
Display a pop up warning after scanning or select the “Swap” button to confirm.
User can select “Yes” to confirm or “No” to retrieve the previous action.

24.
Borrower’s borrowed book list.
Display a list of books and their owner that the user have borrowed from other user.

25.
User profile page.
Allows users to view their own profile information.
Allows user to edit profile by selecting “Edit Profile” button.
Allows user to view the reviews made by others.

26.
Edit user profile.
Allows user to edit the profile page and contact information.
By selecting “Save” to save the edit, “Cancel” to cancel the edit.

27.
Search result.
Display a list of users whose username contains the searched keyword.
Select a user to view the detailed profile information.

28.
Displays others profile information.

29.

Display the review of a user.
Display a rating score and a list of comments about this user.
Allow user to review other user by selecting “Leave a comment” button.

30.
 Review a user.
Allow user to rate a user and leave a comment about the user.
By selecting “Save” button to save the review, “Cancel” to cancel the review.

31.
Owner book search.
Allow owner to search his available book by entering the keyword which the book description contains.
Selecting a book to view the book detail.

32.
Borrower book search.
Allow borrower to search others’ available book by entering the keyword which the book description contains.
Selecting a book to view the book detail.


33.
Edit photo for books.
Allow user to manage the image for a book.

34.
Delete photo warning.
Display a warning message when the user tries to delete a photo for a book.
By selecting “Yes” to confirm the deletion, “No” to cancel deletion.

